"[Preset]"
"Base_Preset=\Shell (Empty) Presets\Scalar\Spooky Scalar General (SS) - JW"
"PresetName=Anti-Aging Remedy Mix (S)"
"Preset_Notes=Anti-Aging Remedy Mix / Spooky Scalar

Estimated Time: Run this preset for 18:00 minutes.

Anti Aging Remedy: Crab Apple - As we age we can feel that we are no longer perfect, something that a Crab Apple person cannot stand, and so they will make constant (futile) attempts to fix what they see as being wrong. All this stems from lack of self-love. Crab Apple makes it easier to be kinder, more forgiving and loving to yourself. Honeysucke - A preoccupation with the past and a feeling that “it was better back then” are clear calls for Honeysuckle. Physically, Honeysuckle will sometimes manifest as fluid retention, constipation, and sagging skin . Larch - Self-confidence can diminish with age, but it doesn’t need to. If you feel that you are growing less self-assured with age then Larch will help you to feel more confident in all areas of your life, and when you feel confident, your age becomes irrelevant to you and others. Vervain - None of us move through life without encountering stress, but some are better than others at letting it go.Vervain is the great stress buster and can relieve muscular tension where it is the result of consistent stress and strain. Walnut - Walnut is about change and adjustment, letting go of the old and moving into the new. It will help you to adjust to the changes associated with aging and is especially helpful during age related periods of transition like menopause, retirement, death of parents and children leaving home etc. Wild Rose - ack of interest in life and constant fatigue are good indicators that you would benefit from taking Wild Rose. Physically you may see paleness, dark rings under the eyes and lackluster skin. Willow - Remedy for resentment, a feeling that other people and life, in general, has treated you unfairly.

Connect Out 1 to the Spooky Scalar BNC port.
"
"Loaded_Programs=Anti-Aging Remedy Mix (S)"
"Loaded_Frequencies=359.21,275.98,336.52,409.14,261.26,349.54,"
"[/Preset]"
