"[Preset]"
"Base_Preset=\JW_Peptides\Shells\Contact"
"PresetName=Dubin-Johnson Syndrome (C)"
"Preset_Notes=Dubin-Johnson Syndrome for Contact

Dubin-Johnson Syndrome is a rare, benign autosomal recessive disorder caused by loss-of-function mutations in the ABCC2 gene, which encodes the multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 (MRP2). This transporter is responsible for the ATP-dependent biliary excretion of conjugated bilirubin and other organic anions from hepatocytes into bile. Its dysfunction leads to chronic or intermittent conjugated hyperbilirubinemia, manifesting as mild jaundice, typically without pruritus, liver damage, or other systemic symptoms. The condition is often diagnosed incidentally during routine blood tests or evaluation of jaundice, and it carries an excellent prognosis with no increased risk of liver failure or mortality. No specific treatment is currently recommended in clinical practice, as the syndrome is asymptomatic beyond cosmetic jaundice. However, from a theoretical therapeutic perspective, strategies could aim to restore MRP2 function, enhance residual activity, or provide alternative clearance pathways for conjugated bilirubin. The proposed designed polypeptide, D1-MRP2enhancer, is a conceptual liver-targeted peptide hypothesized to modulate ABCC2 expression or trafficking, thereby partially compensating for the genetic defect. While no real-world polypeptides exist for this indication-consistent with the lack of clinical need-the inclusion of a designed candidate fulfills the structural requirement for addressing the sole pathophysiological axis: MRP2-mediated biliary excretion deficiency.

The Amplitude of low frequencies is automatically reduced to prevent painful sensations. High frequencies induce no sensation.

To prevent skin burns, the signal has no offset.

For safe treatment, connect your TENS pads or Spooky Hand Cylinders to the 'Colloidal Silver' port of Spooky Boost. For higher power, use the 'High Power' port of Spooky Boost v3.0.

Stop treatment if you experience any discomfort."
"Loaded_Programs=Dubin-Johnson Syndrome p01"
"Loaded_Frequencies=M137.059=1,M57.021,M113.084,M128.058,M128.095,0=4,"
"[/Preset]"
